hello everyone welcome back to cook and
share today we're making shrimp tempura
and this is requested by Johanna lien
from the Philippines so let's begin with
our ingredients first we have a baking
soda all-purpose flour
shrimp that we'd be shelled and deveined
and we cut a little crisscross shape in
the bottom cooking oil ice water for the
sauce we have lemon juice sesame oil and
soy sauce the first step is to mix the
dry ingredients so we've added our
all-purpose flour to a bowl now we're
going to add our baking soda to the
flour and we'll give this a mix or a
stir next we'll crack the egg and whisk
it well now we'll add the ice water and
whisk again until it's well combined now
we'll combine the dry in the wet
ingredients by adding the flour to the
egg mixture and we'll whisk it until
it's combined but don't over mix it
until it looks just about like this
there are a few lumps but that's okay
and the next step is to take the shrimp
and make sure the shrimp is good and
drive so we've just patted this off with
a paper towel and we're going to dredge
it in the flour so it's nicely coated
and we're going to put it the egg
mixture and again making sure it's
nicely coated and directly from the egg
mixture into the oil and well this is he
crying in the oils and we've used olive
oil to use any kind of its oil you want
to just continuously cold deep scrimp
with the 8mr so you get a nice thick
batter and one-third fruit that's a nice
golden brown just remove from the oil
and set it aside now we're going to make
our personal sauce by adding the soy
sauce lemon juice and sesame oil and
we'll give this a stir and you're ready
to serve and this is our delicious
shrimp tempura you're going to love this
for exact measurements on this recipe
visit our website at wwlp.com and as
always have a great day and enjoy